README.md, before:

# TeamMe

## Overview

TeamMe is a model software system that faniliates active teaming of people with similar interest and skill-set to forge groups for a certain do-good project. For more details, please see the Software Requirements Specification and the Design Report below.

[***Software Requirements Specification***](https://github.com/tislam35/TeamMe/blob/master/Group%20S%20Software%20Requirements%20Specification.pdf)

[***Design Report***](https://github.com/tislam35/TeamMe/blob/master/Group%20S%20Design%20Report.pdf)


## Software Engineers

Tohidul Islam
Sophie Huang
Ekramul Sawrid
Dor Ulman

## Language 

Python

## Development Phase

Implementation

## Installation and Implementation

### Installation
1. In your console or terminal, go the directory you want to store this repository.
2. Type `git clone https://github.com/tislam35/TeamMe.git` to clone this repository to that directory.
3. Make sure to have PyQt5 library installed.
4. If not, run `pip install PyQt5` in console to install the library.

### Implementation

1. In your console or terminal, go the TeamMe project directory.
2. Type `cd gui_py_files`. 
3. Type `python browsing_home_page.py` to start TeamMe application.

## TeamMe Application Walkthrough

### Browsing the Application as Visitor

![](images/Visitor_view.png)

### Register

![](images/Registration.png)

### Login

![](images/Login.png)

## Version

V0.01

Commit message:

Added user login credentials for each user type (SU,OU,VIP)

README.md, after:

# TeamMe

## Overview

TeamMe is a model software system that faniliates active teaming of people with similar interest and skill-set to forge groups for a certain do-good project. For more details, please see the Software Requirements Specification and the Design Report below.

[***Software Requirements Specification***](https://github.com/tislam35/TeamMe/blob/master/Group%20S%20Software%20Requirements%20Specification.pdf)

[***Design Report***](https://github.com/tislam35/TeamMe/blob/master/Group%20S%20Design%20Report.pdf)


## Software Engineers

Tohidul Islam
Sophie Huang
Ekramul Sawrid
Dor Ulman

## Language 

Python

## Development Phase

Implementation

## Installation and Implementation

### Installation
1. In your console or terminal, go the directory you want to store this repository.
2. Type `git clone https://github.com/tislam35/TeamMe.git` to clone this repository to that directory.
3. Make sure to have PyQt5 library installed.
4. If not, run `pip install PyQt5` in console to install the library.

### Implementation

1. In your console or terminal, go the TeamMe project directory.
2. Type `cd gui_py_files`. 
3. Type `python browsing_home_page.py` to start TeamMe application.

Note: we have created 3 different users for you to login and test the application. They are:
1. SU --> Username: FSU, password: pass123
2. VIP --> Username: PeteVu1, password: PeteVu
3. OU --> Username: KimZhang1, password: KimZhang

## TeamMe Application Walkthrough

### Browsing the Application as Visitor

![](images/Visitor_view.png)

### Register

![](images/Registration.png)

### Login

![](images/Login.png)

## Version

V0.01
